Psalm 93 the Lord reigns he is clothed
Psalm 93 the Lord reigns he is clothed with majesty the Lord is clothed
with majesty the Lord is clothed
with majesty the Lord is clothed he has girded himself with strength
he has girded himself with strength
he has girded himself with strength surely the world is established so that
surely the world is established so that
surely the world is established so that it cannot be moved your throne is
it cannot be moved your throne is
it cannot be moved your throne is established from of old you are from
established from of old you are from
established from of old you are from everlasting the floods have lifted up Oh
everlasting the floods have lifted up Oh
everlasting the floods have lifted up Oh Lord
Lord
Lord the floods have lifted up their voice
the floods have lifted up their voice
the floods have lifted up their voice the floods lift up their waves the Lord
the floods lift up their waves the Lord
the floods lift up their waves the Lord on high is mightier than the noise of
on high is mightier than the noise of
on high is mightier than the noise of many waters than the mighty waves of the
many waters than the mighty waves of the
many waters than the mighty waves of the sea your testimonies are very sure
sea your testimonies are very sure
sea your testimonies are very sure holiness adorns your household Lord
holiness adorns your household Lord
holiness adorns your household Lord forever
forever
forever you